Feed the Dragon Guard
Cancel the chance to meet Ye Family and Long Shuai
Who are you trying to scare?
I don't believe the Dragon Guard can be at your mercy
Long Jingtian, don't ask Dragon Guard every time you have something to do?
Why is he your father?
I wiped your butt.
I gave you a chance
You don't appreciate it.
You'll get a call to cancel the meeting soon
You scared Xiaofan
1 Why is there really a phone?
What are you afraid of, wife?
It's just coincidence.
Longjingtian
I really don't believe the Dragon Guard would call you
Then you turn on the speakerphone
Let everyone hear if it is
Then open it and let me listen
Who is it? Ye Suifeng
Your family's chance to meet Long Shuai is cancelled
Don't come next week.
how
I said you don't apologize to Fanxing
The end result is to lose the opportunity to meet
How could this be?
Long Jingtian, who are you?